docs: add SIEM integration guide for activity logs (#19297)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/settings/activity-logs/siem.mdx

---
title: SIEM integration
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
  free: none
  selfServe: none
  scale: full
  enterprise: full
---

You can forward PostHog [activity logs](/docs/settings/activity-logs) into a security information and event management (SIEM) system to keep an audit trail alongside the rest of your security data, alert on changes, and satisfy compliance requirements.

PostHog exposes activity logs as a paginated API that your SIEM polls on a schedule, so you configure the integration in your SIEM rather than in PostHog.

> If you use Splunk, [skip to the Splunk steps](#splunk). An add-on does all of this for you. The rest of this page describes the API, which you need when integrating with a platform we do not ship an add-on for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to configure a SIEM integration:
- **Recommended setup:** Use the API
- Use the [Splunk add-on](#splunk)
```

Reviewer: this is a bit more scannable! and follows the disclosure on the page: recommended first + splunk add on after

### 2. Poll oldest first and keep the cursor

Set `ordering=created_at` to return the oldest entry first, and `follow=true` to keep the `next` link valid after the last entry.

```
GET /api/organizations/<organization_id>/advanced_activity_logs/?ordering=created_at&follow=true&page_size=200
```

Save the `next` link from each response and request it on the following poll. It returns only entries recorded since the previous request, so your SIEM never re-indexes the same entry.

With `follow=true`, stop when `results` is empty rather than when `next` is null. The link stays valid so you can keep polling it.

Without `follow=true`, the `next` link becomes null once you reach the newest entry, and you have no position to resume from.

### 3. Request OCSF

Set `schema=ocsf` to receive events in [Open Cybersecurity Schema Framework](https://schema.ocsf.io/) 1.5.0 instead of PostHog's own format. Most SIEM platforms parse OCSF without a custom parser.

Activity maps to three OCSF classes:

| Class | `class_uid` | Covers |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Entity Management | 3004 | Changes to insights, dashboards, feature flags, and other resources |
| Authentication | 3002 | Logins and logouts |

> | Account Change | 3001 | SCIM provisioning changes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Entity Management | `3004` | Changes to insights, dashboards, feature flags, and other resources |
| Authentication | `3002` | Logins and logouts |
| Account Change | `3001` | SCIM provisioning changes |
```
